# Hello

_2023/8/1_

Hello, my name is Petr and I am from the Czech Republic. I have a bachelor's and a master's degree from Czech Technical University in Prague.
I attended a language school in Kobe, Japan in 2021 and 2022 and I am currently working as a software developer in Kobe.

I used to work part-time as an iOS developer for two years. Now I am doing mostly cloud stuff.

## Languages/technologies I am familiar with:
- **Swift**
    - My first programming language.
    - While working as a part-time iOS developer, I was working on UIKit based applications. I was able to work on a wide variety of applications, ranging from simple applications fetching data from API, to applications using bluetooth or map libraries
    - I am also familiar with SwiftUI
- **JavaScript/Typescript**
    - When learning web development through the Odin Project, I selected a path that uses JavaScript for both frontend and backend. Frameworks I am (at least a little bit) familiar with are `React`, `Next.js` and `Express.js`
    - I have used several popular libraries like `jest` or `axios`
    - I also use JavaScript to write Lambda functions in AWS
- **Python**
    - I wanted to use programming in my diploma thesis and since the topic I chose (Valuation of Exotic Options Using Simulations) was related to data science, Python seemed like a good choice. I bought and completed a data science course on Udemy that taught me basics of libraries like `pandas`, `numpy`, `scipy` and `matplotlib`
    - I have been writing AWS's cdk in Python recently
- **git**
    - Rebases and merge conflicts do not scare me anymore
- **AWS**
    - In the past 6 months I have been learning AWS's services a lot:
        - Lambda
        - API Gateway
        - Appsync
        - DynamoDB
        - EC2
        - S3
        - VPC
        - Route53
        - CloudFront
        - CloudFormation
        - CloudWatch
        - Lambda@Edge
        - Cognito
    - there's so much to learn in AWS it's crazy
- **C**
    - Basic knowledge of C, can use pointers to make e.g. chain queue
    - Also used when making small Iot projects
- **bash**
    - Can write basic bash scripts, might need to google most of the stuf though